Pass on most of iframe events (#760)
browserengineering/book: book/embeds.md

        self.root_frame.click(x, y)
```

When an iframe is clicked, pass the click through to the child frame,

> and immediately returning after (because iframes capture click events):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and immediately return after (because iframes capture click events):
```

        self.focused_frame = None
```

When a frame tries to focus on an element, it sets itself as the
focused frame:

``` {.python}
class Frame:
    def focus_element(self, node):
        # ...
        self.tab.focused_frame = self
        # ...
```

There's also an extra subtlety to un-focused the previously focused
element. Since it might be in another frame, we need to re-render that
frame too, so that it stops drawing the focus outline:

``` {.python}
class Frame:
    def focus_element(self, node):
        # ...
        if self.tab.focused_frame and self.tab.focused_frame != self:
            self.tab.focused_frame.set_needs_render()
        # ...
```

We can also press `Tab` to cycle through focusable elements in the
current frame. Let's move the `advance_tab` logic into `Frame` and
just dispatch to it from the `Tab`:

``` {.python}
class Tab:
    def advance_tab(self):
        frame = self.focused_frame or self.root_frame
        frame.advance_tab()
```

> We'll do the same exact thing for `keypress` and `enter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also do the same exact thing for `keypress` and `enter`.
```

Another big interaction we need to support is scrolling. We'll store
the scroll offset in each `Frame`:

``` {.python}
class Frame:
    def __init__(self, tab, parent_frame, frame_element):
        self.scroll = 0
```

Now, as you might recall from [Chapter 13](animations.md), scrolling
happens both inside `Browser` and inside `Tab`, to reduce latency.
That was already quite complicated, so to keep things simple, we won't

> do this for non-root iframes. To support this, we'll need a new commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support both for non-root iframes. For root frames, we'll need a new commit
```
